We're currrently in Private Beta, which means our features are changing every day. We can't promise 99.99% uptime yet, and our features are subject to rapid change. As a Private Beta user, you're helping us validate the need for our product, and giving us really useful feedback as we add and change features. You are our reason for existing, and we appreciate you more than words can describe. We actually have some treats in mind just for you when we come out of Beta, so get ready!

When you see "we" or "us," we are talking about eMailGrouper. If you're using our service, you need to understand and agree to the following few points:

1. No malicious use. You should only use the service in an innocuous way. It's fine to try new things and test the system, but you shouldn't be trying to find vulnerabilities, or use the service with ill intent intent. If you don't want it happening to your mother, don't do it with our service. Don't forget, local and federal laws still apply, so don't break the law, either. This also means no spam. We reserve the right to disable or delete your account if you violate this rule.

2. Machines processs email, not people. Our servers see your email, but only in the same way that dozens of other machines see your email between your inbox and your recipients'. Your email content passes through our server, **not** in front of human eyes. (_Public Service announcement: Unencrypted email correspondence has never been secure, so you shouldn't use our service or any one else's to transmit critical or confidential information._)

3. It is your choice to continue using the service, and doing so is your way of saying that you're okay with our terms.

4. We'll work hard to make sure things don't go wrong--but they could. We make no guarantee that the service will work all the time, everytime. During the Beta period, we're going to BCC you on every message you initiate to your group address, so that you get a confirmation that the message went through. Once we're stable, we'll give you the option to turn this off.

5. eMailGrouper isn't liable for any issues it causes. Things go wrong, but we'll try our best to fix them as soon as possible. We promise.

6. We use terms like "forever" and "unlimited" throughout our website. Can we all agree here and now that nothing lasts forever and nothing is unlimited? Great! Here's what we mean:
  - "forever" means, esentially, "for as long as our service exists".
  - "unlimited" is actually limited in some reasonable ways, to prevent abuse or misuse. 
    - Group Owners can Own up to 100 Groups. eMailGrouper is designed to facilitate interactions with small groups of people in your real, physical life. If you have a real-life use-case where you need to segment the groups of people you interact with in more than 100 different ways, [let's talk](https://emailgrouper.uservoice.com)! We can probably accomodate your request, and we'd love to know if this is a common scenario.
    - Groups can have up to 50 Members. We're not a mass marketing platform. We facilitate small group interactions using email. If you believe this is an unreasonable limitation, and you have a ligitimate need for more than 50 Members, then [let's talk](https://emailgrouper.uservoice.com)!. We can probably accomodate your request, and we'd love to know if this is a common scenario.
    - You can send up to 10,000 emails through our system per month. This is a huge number, and it's probably even bigger than you realize because of how our system works. Let's consider a Group with 10 Members in it. When you initiate a new email to the Group using its unique eMailGrouper address, that counts as 10 sends. When recipients Reply-all to your email, none of that traffic goes through our system, so any follow-ups to your original massage do not count towards your limit. At this rate, you could send 100 emails to 10 groups of 10 people every month before you hit your limit. If that doesn't sound like enough, then [let's talk](https://emailgrouper.uservoice.com)!. We can probably accomodate your request, and we'd love to know if this is a common scenario.